Okay, furlough.
Right then, Amy, what's it like to be on furlough?
I was quite surprised that I was going to go on furlough.
I know lots of people across the country were talking about it, but I hadn't known that we were planning it at Sillip.
But when it did come up, I wasn't surprised or particularly offended or anything.
They were quite careful to make sure that none of us felt we'd been singled out.
It never occurred to me that I wasn't essential to make sure the company existed.
So that bit of it was fine.
It was a bit sudden though, so I just set up this website for the record
and was planning to do all sorts of things during Covid-19 and the lockdown, which had just started.
And suddenly that was all kind of stopped.
So there was a little bit of feeling of loss there.
But yeah, then it was fine.
I worked two days a week in another job anyway on the Monday and Tuesday.
So by the time we got to Wednesday, yeah, I was sort of looking forward to having the time off.
Right. And what did you do?
I did a couple of things.
I thought I'd have loads of time, like lots of people thought they'd have tons of time to do all sorts of things.
The two things I really committed to were I transcribed five interviews that I'd done with some colleagues in my other job.
And I knew needed to do.
And I like transcription.
I do voluntary transcription for the National Library of Wales.
And I just hadn't been I hadn't had time to do anything like that for a very long time.
So I really enjoyed just doing that for sort of about half a day because it takes much, much longer than you think.
So it's about an hour to do 10 minutes worth of conversation.
Then the other thing that I really put my efforts into was drawing.
So you taught me you started giving me some lessons in drawing, which I've never done before.
And I tried to do a little bit of that each day.
But at the same time, it was also really sunny.
It was hot. It was like March and April.
So was it March? No, it was April. It was April and May.
It was really sunny.
And also our dog, Millie, who features elsewhere on this site, was pretty poorly.
And we were looking after her.
What's the word to describe palliative care?
And she absolutely adored the sunshine.
So every spare minute we'd have to get her outside and sit in the sunshine and let her roll around on the grass.
And yeah, just spending lots of time with her.
And did the drawing relax you at all?
Or was it a surprise that you enjoyed it so much because you became very good at it?
Not relaxing. I sort of thought of it as work.
But I did very I really enjoyed it. I was very slow at it.
I was very slow at most things, but I did enjoy it.
So it was a challenge? Yeah.
What have you missed on furlough?
I don't think I really missed anything.
It did though, I suppose.
I felt a bit that we had a WhatsApp group with all the furloughed staff.
So we wouldn't literally none of us looked at any emails, except on the specific days and times we had been told we were going to get a message.
And the WhatsApp was nice because I as a remote worker, I don't know many of the other people.
So I didn't contribute much, but it was really nice to kind of hear from everybody and know, you know, feel like you're you weren't alone.
And then, you know, feeling quite bad for the people who were still in the office who had to carry a lot of the weight of the work that we weren't doing.
Do you think there's been any lasting effects to having to change how you work?
I think what's interesting about the experience is that it was like this lovely opportunity to have all this time,
but that that also makes you think about your career and what you spend your time doing in the office normally and how important it is or isn't.
And then kind of how much of that is your identity?
And I suspect lots of people have have thought about those, especially people who didn't have a job and another job like I did.
It was probably in a meta sort of way, a bit discombobulating.
Is that the word? Yeah.
OK, thank you.